building your base in a floating island
can be fun but how do you get up there
the answer is wireless redstone now this
is a vanilla version of Minecraft the
only mod I have on here is too many
items and as you can see there is no
paths for redstone they get up to my
floating island it is it's completely
free but if I step on this pressure
plate a waterfall comes down
and now I can swim up to my island
pleasure wait that's the waterfall but
how does wireless redstone work
this is the receiver consists of a clock
pistol the glass glass pane pushes the
boat up and down but when it's activated
by a transmitter would fall down and on
this pressure plate which will allow the
pistol to attract and release the wire
this is the transmitter it's just a
dispenser filled with arrows with a
glass pane in front of it on a glass
paint when an arrow is shot at the glass
pane that activates the receiver oops
as you can see who falls down and hits
pressure plate now the orientation of
the receiver and transmitter are very
important in relation to each other
because the way I turn it off is just
another dispenser in last plane as you
feel of a glass pane is in a different
state
so I hope you guys can use this in honor
of floating islands